However, aesthetically, I would make a few moves to this that connect back to this:
https://www.enlightingenergy.com/
(which looks great BTW)
Feels fresh and optimistic.. maybe a more friendly green image instead of that gloomy stock city-scape graphic.
Simle, bigger, more friendly text..
What you sent here feels a little somber & boring. Not on brand.
So I would try to freshen it up so it feels more like your existing brand.
Same fonts, Same colors etc... bla bla


NEXT, and likely more important.

At the end of using the search tool
(very savvy.. nice work)
At the bottom of the results, or in that side window that follows down (on desktop) I would try and translate the benefit into an executive summary of sorts that says very clearly what people could save by using these incentives. If you can.
"Leveraging these incentives could save you $000,000"
(I know you don't have this number, but you could make up some language based on your previous clients..)
somehow translate this into REAL savings.

Like you do here:
"Stack utility rebates, state grants, and federal tax incentives to cut your project costs by up to 70% — with zero upfront expense and 0% financing options."
(but gets lost up in that banner at the top.)
Somehow convey that they can do LED lighting upgrades that pay for themselves...
I don't know..
I would try adding some kind of plain speak, benefits statement with a clear Call to Action.
All the kWh stuff is a little abstract for me (of course I don't know the business, perhaps you feel like the people using this will understand.)
BUT I would still try to summarize the benefits, so it's more clear. More friendly, open, engaging. Again, on brand.


LASTLY:
This section stuck in between the results is a little distracting, confusing, and busy.
Not sure it should go in between the form and the results.

Is the icon content being populated by the form?
I guess I just don't understand what is going on with all those icons, and what I'm supposed to do with them.
I would simplify this, make it more clear what it is, and potentially move to another section..
OR it needs some kind of instruction or header saying what they are (if they are related to the form content).
image.png


Some more random thoughts:

Does not feel like it's from you guys.
Feels very official, corporate, boring, almost like a government.
If that's what you are going for then you achieved it.
I would question that though..  Does the world need more boring, corporate?
Can have the same content just arranged and voiced a little differently.

Try harder to convey benefit and more engaging next step CTA (call to action)

This thing is potentially a very helpful tool that you are providing to customers, 
tell them why you did it, more simple plain language.

Move whatever you can to the bottom of the page to simplify the form and results experience.

"talk to an engineer" / "email me the report" buttons bring up yet another form.
Might get some drop off there...
I'd minimize the amount of info you are trying to get there, it feels more like a fishing scheme than a helpful service.
Also, both buttons do the same thing.
I would have one of them be more generous, less lead gen.


Mostly I would just stay on brand..
and simplify this page so it's less busy, maybe flow some content down the page instead of jamming it all into the form/results section.


Make it more like your main site.
Friendly, helpful.